I/add carthage (#16)
SwingDev/RxSwiftAutoRetry: README.md

```ruby
pod install
```

> #### From Carthage

Reviewer: I'd omit `From` and keep just `Carthage`, `Cocoapods`, etc...

> [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is decentralized dependency manager which allows to build dependencies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is decentralized dependency manager which allows you to keep your dependencies in compiled format. 
```

1. To install it, add following line to your Cartfile:
```ruby
github 'SwingDev/RxSwiftAutoRetry'
```
2. Next, run `carthage update`

> 3. On your application targets’ **Build Phases** tab, in the **Link Binary With Libraries** section, drag and drop `RxAtomic.framework`, `RxSwift.framework` and `RxSwiftAutoRetry.framework` from the Carthage/Build folder on disk.

Reviewer: Is `RxAtomic` needed ?

Author: RxSwift needs RxAtomic. I found on some forum that if framework A needs framework B which has dependency C, then A need both B and C.

> 4. On your application targets’ Build Phases settings tab, click the + icon and choose New Run Script Phase. Create a Run Script in which you specify your shell (ex: /bin/sh), add the following contents to the script area below the shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On your application targets’ **Build Phases** settings tab, click the + icon and choose **New Run Script Phase**. Create a Run Script in which you specify your shell (ex: /bin/sh), add the following contents to the script area below the shell:
```
